"No tyrant, no king, and no priest shall ever take away our divinity, our sovereignty, our birth rights, and it is time we begin creating a new world with new eyes in this transformational year."

"All is One" // Holographic Principal
'Love your neighbor as yourself.'

If you trace evolution all the way back to the source of creation, you will find that we all share a common root, and that not only are we here together on earth as members of a very large family, but because we share a similar source of emanation, we are actually organic holograms of each other. Once you see the world in this way, you feel a desire to operate in a more "holistic" way, but you will find out quickly, "the world doesn't work that way" as there just aren't systems in place that facilitate this type of operation. Myself and many other people in the world are working on solving these problems everyday.

We can create new ways for people to organize holographically so that individuals can create highly organized structures to manage their own resource inputs and outputs and manage their day to day activities, and groups of users can connect and distribute resources and activities between themselves, and then those groups could connect to other groups for required resources and activities as well. Large scale projects could be managed by an even higher order group which defines a roadmap of progress or a "Vision". People join visions in supply chains as they wish, and they create and share vision ideas as they wish. All organizations are voluntary and the experimentation of different types of groups actually creates innovation. The system is designed to be created organically as users need so how things will organize will depend on the user/collective needs, so my goal is just to focus on building something that is able to operate on a microcosmic and a macrocosmic scale (CosmOS) that keeps track of "work" performed.

All we need is a ledger, blockchain or similar technology, and a way for groups to establish access levels to members on that ledger. Events can be created on that ledger by users when performing a task for the group. So a user would enter an event with their phone or computer, with a description of the event and then the event is sent out to all other members who then approve it or not as a task which performs the objectives of the group. If it is approved, then all members rate the value of the task. The task is given the average value. When the task is completed, the user marks the task as complete, a completion verification is sent to all other users, once they mark it complete, the user is rewarded the calculated value of the task.

Once that is established, then people can begin establishing groups that perform very specific tasks, which automatically track progress and gives a fair representation of the value of the task. Profiles of activities could be formed which yield specific results, an array of these profiles could be created which harmonize with each other via their resource needs.

I call each node (or user) a star, each collection of stars constellations, groups of constellations star systems, and so forth. The reason is it's a reminder of our ultimate goals here on earth and also I like the idea of As Above So Below as a marketing strategy. The idea struck me originally as Society OS which resonated like an SOS to the stars.

We, the world, need help. We need focus and organization. We need fair and accurate accounting of our work and we need to make sure we are paying for things we believe in.

If a simple version of this could be developed then we could use that very app, to organize more things in a group, a family, a business, a collective and make sure peoples work is being properly credited and accounted for. This would allow a digital currency to be used to fuel the production of things based on the value of the final product which changes the driving forces behind production itself.

I imagine a group of people who want to write a movie together, who live around the world, connect in a constellation, and agree to the process they want to use to write the movie, perhaps these processes are shared publicly online, and each part of the process has required events that must occur with user determined "bounties" of digital currency. So people do work in exchange for the projects currency and when the movie is completed it could be sold for the fiat currency the movie generated if they so choose.

Imagine browsing through publicly available constellation programs, all that yield different results. Gardening processes, home maintenance processes, resource allocation processes, processes for music and movies. Each time someone builds a process which is more efficient and more resourceful, it can be shared with others and people can learn from each other.

You could even crowdsource the production of something that is organized organically entirely online. Maybe you have a process for a garden but no local group to work with, large scale resource allocation groups, aka "star systems", could complete the picture because if a user has a publicly available process they wish to complete users from a resource allocation star system come in to participate and receive bounties on the individual tasks inside the process allowing the vision to be completed and all members, even though strangers, to be paid fairly in the currency of the project.
CosmOS or SOS is meant to be an organizational tool for all things macro and micro. It’s meant to be decentralized and each "constellation" has its own internal currency. Also it has high resolution accounting which results in equivalent resolution accounting of resource inputs and outputs which can feed other systems. I think this removes exploitation entirely, and facilitates honest collaborative work across all physical boundaries.

This holographic organizational tool would end up plugging into holochain or some other decentralized internet being built, and there are a growing number of them where the ecosystem is dependent on people actively working and creating together.

I have a vision plan to launch on top of this which will remove the possibility of exploitation and corruption from a free market entirely and make sure that those who choose to be involved will be incentivized towards achieving the best for the most which ultimately means producing the best technology that is the most efficient with the least cost and least waste and longest life span. That incentive with a proper road map, leads to the development of an interstellar civilization.

I will continue focusing on this project and make sure that we cross the threshold of the new paradigm shift that is occurring, and this is what I have to submit for 2/16 which is a day which I use to celebrate my connection with everyone and everything. I love you all and I am thankful that I am able to be a part of the great adventure of the awakening of mankind.

For those that actually took the time to read this, thank you. Please feel free to criticize or synergize with these ideas. There is plenty of work and debate to be had, but I'm quite confident that this will be built and it will be something that can make a major impact in the way the world operates and allocates resources globally.

[+](https://imgur.com/0YxLsif)
